(FRIGHTENED PANTING)
My father was taken from us
on the streets of London.
I assure you we had no hand
in his death.
Sean asked me to find the guy
who killed his father.
Where's Frank?
Sooner or later
they're gonna find out about her.
Say nothing to no-one. you hear?
Nothing gets brought in.
Nothing gets shipped out.
Not today. Billy. please.The only
business to get done will be finding
out who pulled the trigger.
Please tell Asif this won't affect
our arrangement.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Sean. Billy. we're here.
Can I shoot a rabbit?
(LAUGHS) Here. Go on.
We'll meet you up at the old barn.
all right? Come on.
It'll be OK.
Hold on there. boys.
Come 'ere.
We were born into a certain world.
It was chosen for us. Fated.
Some might think it's brutal.
I say it's glorious.
Now. if you can do this one thing.
then you can have all
that it has to offer.
Do you want that. son?
Yeah.
I want you to take this man's life.
What did he do?
He made a bargain.
Just like you're about to.
Once you enter this world.
you accept that you must kill.
or in turn you may be killed.
Once you understand that rule.
it's easy.
You can take a life
without hesitation.
You can build an empire. be a king.
Just breathe.
Please. please. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. you don't have to do
this. please! Don't.
Please. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
please! Please. Please.
Finn...
Please.
Please. I'm so sorry. you don't
have to do it. No. please!
No. don't please! Please! Please.
Just shoot the bucket.
Please. Please.
Please. no.
Sorry. sorry. sorry.
Sorry. Sorry. Christ! I'm sorry!
Please!
Please. You don't have to do it!
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
Please. I'm so sorry!
(EXPLOSION)
What the fuck is this?
They're fucking empty!
(CHATTERING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
Jack! Jack. open up!
Psych evaluation. DI Elliot Carter.
In the presence of Dr May.
12th March. 2020.
Have you had any trouble sleeping?
No.
Any nightmares? Negative thoughts?
Experiencing a loss of appetite?
No.
He's been undercover for two years.
He's getting closer to the violence
but not to any evidence.
This is how UCs get killed.
This is different.
It's worse.
He's unstable.
Do you think about your wife. Naomi?
How long has it been since she died?
Two years.
And your son Samuel. or was it Sam?
(SIGHS)
Samuel.
Do you think about Samuel?
Of course I do.
Just let it play out. See what he
comes up with. All I'm asking.
Is he compromised? Taken any risks
we can't explain to a judge?No.
He's careful.
We've been here before. Vic.
Years of surveillance wasted
when a UC loses his way.
Let's hope this is different.
You did it. He's keeping you in.
We can do this. Vic.
I've felt the shift.
We know Sean threw a boy
off a building.
May he rest in peace but if
it doesn't connect to the shell
companies. or the asset funds.
it doesn't touch
the Wallace organisation.
We know they launder through
their property empire. hmm?
Sean is overseeing all that now.
He's not just building the towers.
Then we need a paper trail.
Alex?
Dumani?
He pushes the numbers.
Keeps his nose clean.
Steers clear of the bodies.
That's helpful to us how?
No way he can stay clean
while Sean's running it.
And if we're lucky. this will
get messy.Lucky? For whom?
(PHONE BUZZES)
Yes. Mr Wallace.
Fucking 'ell Jack.
What does it look like to you?
I mean. I dunno.
A man doesn't fight for his life
then kill himself.
You're the only one he told
about the Traveller kid.
Lot of havoc being done
on your word.
..has done nothing to quell the rise
in foreign investors pushing up
our property prices.
Should I become the Mayor of London.
I am committed to ending this cycle
of addiction and violence.
On the streets I will be
demanding more police.
More care in our communities.
And I want people to stop looking
at them as potential extremists.
and to start seeing them
as leaders of men.
(APPLAUSE)
They got to Jack. Slit his wrists.
Fuck!
Whoever killed Finn.
they're tidying up.
That's what it looks like.
So. what do we know about the car?
The number plates belong to Patrick
Day.Who?One of Kinney's crew.
Where is he now?Gone.
Car dumped outside a warehouse.
South. Three bodies inside.
We're on the Kinney thing. right?
We've got uniform shaking down sites
now.Always a step ahead.
How you holding up?
What's Asif doing here?
Listen. As your partner.
I made a call. We let Asif trade.
We need him.
My cows. Thirty years
and we never had a problem.
Thirty years and you didn't even
come to the funeral.
I sent my son. My flesh and blood.
Asif. we know your business
is important to us.
We are in... an adjustment period.
Sean is running things now.
It's what Finn wanted.
My deepest condolences
for your loss.
Finn was a great man.
an excellent business partner.
We know who the shooter was.
A Traveller kid. My men are looking.
You've got trouble
with these people?
Nothing to warrant killing him.
That's not good.
A man of Finn's standing should not
be that easy to take out.
Your organisation is weak somewhere.
What are you saying?
First they come for you. now someone
has got to your business partner.
me.
My shipment was hit yesterday.
I gave an order that no-one moves
any dope until I find the killer.
It obviously didn't reach you.
If you impose an embargo.
you'll start a war.
A war was started
when my father was shot.
(LAUGHS) Ohhhh!
You've got his temper.
Believe me.
if they were to kill my son.
I would wipe out their blood line.
But I would not lose a Rupee
in the act.
Be smart. Sean.
Anyone not helping find Dad's
killer looks suspect to me.
He always said you wanted
a piece of London.
Now your son's running for Mayor.
Without our support.
it might be difficult for Nasir.
Sean....
I'm down five million pounds.
What is bad for me...
is bad for you.
This is shaming us as a family.
There was a time when nobody would've
dared touch Finn Wallace.
They got lucky.
Why was he even in that flat?
We have to be honest with ourselves.
What if it was personal?
Some woman's husband.
We're not picking the flesh off
a dead man's bones.We have to.
How did it go with Asif?
He's taken a hit.
A missing shipment isn't good
for any of us.
If there's anyone dealing smack in
London I want to know about it.
What can I do?
Nothing.
I'm gonna make things right. Mum.
I know you will.
I'm proud of you both.
Billy's... clean. and you're strong.
If it was a woman
she didn't love my husband.
If she had. she wouldn't have
had him shot in the face.
Good to see you. Ed.And yourself.
Nice place to meet.
Next week
it's my daughter's birthday.
How is Sean?
He doesn't know who he can trust.
Yourself included.
Come on. Ed.
You're not that stupid
to think I pulled the trigger.
I have no idea what Finn was even
doing there that night.
I shook hands with Finn on the deal.
A Luan deal.
That's my part completed.
In full.
And now the Wallace organisation
has to honour Finn's part.
The Wallace organisation will do
what is right for us.
Of course I can go to Sean.
Eddie. they say you are the keeper
of Finn's secrets.
But you didn't know about this one.
(SPEAKING IN KURDISH)
Move!
Keep coming.
Stop!
Spread them out.
Good evening. gentlemen.
(WHIMPERING)
Welcome to the UK.
You are all links in the chain
of my operation.
One of you is responsible
for my cargo being hit.
(HIGH-PITCHED WHIRRING)
Room service!
Nick. Nick!
Where did you get this?
Where did you get it from?
Who's dealing?
Nick!
Fuck!
(PIANO MUSIC PLAYS)
Well. we've had every Traveller site
in the southwest turned over.
No sign of Kinney and no answers.
Our boys have put word out
on the street.
He should be outside.
Elliot stays where he is.
He's the only one bringing me
answers right now. Why did you
tell Asif to keep dealing?
I told you that was my decision.
Not Dad's.
You should've consulted me.
You were burying Finn.
We need money and we trust
the Afridis.I don't.
Sean.
My son was hired by someone
to kill your father.
You're saving his skin.
Yeah.
But I'm telling you the truth.
That's the phone he took the job on.
Whoever ordered that hit
is more dangerous than the fella
who pulled the trigger.
I'll be the judge of that.
I'm not...
giving you my son.
We don't need you to find him.
You're bringing too much attention
on us all with this bloodshed.
You took two of my men
out the other night.
Not one of mine.
You kill Darren...
and you change nothing.
Whoever did this...
Leave the phone and fuck off.
Have I got your word that
you'll leave my son alone?
You have my word that I won't shoot
you in the back when you walk away.
Right.
Find out who ordered that hit.
No-one gets to Kinney's son
before us.
We find him.
Today.
You think I'd use a gun in here?
Doing a lot of second guessing
lately. partner.
(PHONE RINGS)
Hello?
Is Billy still there?
What's the damage?
All right. I'm on my way.
I have to go and find my brother.
Need anything from me?
I've got just the job for you.
"Hello. this is Dave's mechanics.
Please leave a message.
and we'll get back to you."
Finn's shooter
was a kid named Darren.
Son of a Traveller called Kinney.
Sean's planning something big
tonight so I'm going to stay as
close as I can. You'll hear from me.
(CHATTERING)
(GRUNTS)
Excuse me!
Good evening. sir.
Can I take your name please?
I'm here to pick up a package
for Ed Dumani.Sorry sir.
this is a ticketed auction.
Yeah. I'm not here for your auction.
I'm here for the package.
He's with me.
Welcome.
Hello again.
Hi.
Do you mind if I take you
somewhere to clean up?Yeah.
I think that would be best.
Dylan.
Dylan!
Where's my brother?
Please.
He went...
He went to score some gear.
You could try Green Lanes.
(PHONE RINGS)
What have you got?
"The messages on Kinney's
son's phone are all encrypted.
Still trying but I haven't seen
anything like this before.
This is professional.
Oh. the other thing.
We got a tip on a location
for Kinney's site.
What do you want to do?
Sean?
Sean. what do you want to do?"
Pick up.
Take it off.
What?
Your jacket.
No. look. it's no trouble.
I just need the package
and I'll be off.Elliot!
Take off your jacket.
There.
And the shirt.What?!
I'm blagging it. I have no idea how
to remove stains. Is it white wine?
Wine? Where were you raised?
Not in a launderette.
Bicarb of soda. Little bit of water.
Hey. it's Italian.
Yeah. all right. all right.
So. how were you raised?
By my father.
Which means I learnt a lot
for myself.Yeah. me too.
Dad I mean. But he was firm about us
not conforming to gender stereotypes.
By paying someone to do your
washing?Yeah. Damn straight.
So this. er. package Mark wants me
to pick up. What is it?
It's me.
I need a driver tonight.
Tonight? Like. the whole night?
Yeah.
You got a problem with that?
No. no. I would love to spend the
whole night driving Miss Daisy.
Ooh. the cheek!
You know. you're an unknown quantity.
boy. And my judgement holds a lot
of weight.I don't doubt that.
I'm sorry. It's just...
I think Sean needs back up tonight.
And I wanna be there.
Make a good impression.
I really need this job.
(PHONE BUZZES)
Yes. Mr Wallace.
"I have to go and meet Alex.
Get down to Green Lanes and find
Billy. I'm trusting you.
Do you understand me?"Yeah.
Yeah. no problem.
"Good."
More driving Miss Daisy?
Something like that.
What are you still doing here?
I don't know Nick.
I know you sold to him this morning!
Get out.One bag.Get out!
One bag. come on. All right.
One fucking bag. mate.
that's all I want.Hey. hey!
Are you here for doner or smack?
Huh?
Fuck off!
Get off the counter!
One bag. one fucking bag! That's all
I want. this could be really easy.
This could be really easy.
Get off the table!One fucking bag!
Get off the table!
(LAUGHS MANIACALLY)
How do you hide it all?
How do you mean?
Come on. you know what I mean.
I'm afraid I don't. mate.
The Wallace business.
It's all a front.(LAUGHS)
No. but. like.
how does it fucking work?
Let's see what you've got in here
then shall we?Oi. oi. What you...?
You work for these guys?Yeah.
You know they take money from dealers
selling arms to Israel.
Now his boss invests in one of the
largest coltan mines in Africa.
ensuring tiny hands
are never out of work.
Her CEO personally signed off
on suicide nets in Guangdong.
Everything's a front.
(LAUGHS) You're funny. Alex.
You're a funny fucking guy.
Alex.
That's Kinney's location.
You ready?
I'm pretty wasted. Sean.
What are you saying?
I'm just saying...What?
There might be a different way.
We don't have to torch the whole city
to prove our strength.
We don't even know who's behind
the hit yet.Finn is dead.
My father. Who loved you
like you were his own son.
Yeah I know. I know.
So. you coming or what?
I have to protect the business.
This isn't a good idea.
Nice and clean.
I can do this all fucking night.
mate. come on! One fucking bag.
I know you did it earlier.
do it for me. One bag!
Ah. yes. one bag?
Hey!
Hey. er. my friend make a mistake.
Give that back.
Fuck off.
Do you know who you're fucking with?
Take your hands out of my...
In the car.Who the fuck are you?
Leave him alone.No. no. no.
You're not listening.
He's leaving. He's leaving!
No. no. no!
What?Wait. wait. wait!
Hey! Hey! Fuck!
Mum?
Billy?
You look good. Mum.
I last wore this on our anniversary.
When Finn took me to the Ritz.
You going somewhere?
I hear you found Kinney's campsite.
That's right.
It's a night for celebration.
Without hesitation.
I believe in you. Sean.
I'm proud of you.
Thank you.
Thank you. son.
Right.
What do we have?
Going in like this is a mistake.
It's how we began.
We needed to build a name.
That name is worth too much.
Punishment has got to be quiet.
Out of sight.
They threatened my family. Ed.
And Sean is the only one prepared
to do anything about it.
I'm coming with you.
I'll look after him.
(TYRES SCREECH)
Where the fuck have you been?
Where's Elliot?
Come with me.
Billy?
Wait there.
Lale's dealing.
That's Asif's heroin.
I got it off one of her men.
You shouldn't have done that.
What?
We needed to find out who was
dealing.No. no. Not you.
Not you. Billy.
You're sick.
Look. I wanted to help!
I can... I can do something.
If you want to help.
stay away from this stuff.
How?
I'm fucking useless.
Dad's dead.
(SOBS)
I don't want you to die.
You've always looked out for me.
haven't you. Billy?
I thought you were ready.
But I have to do this myself.
You've missed them.
Brew?
(SCREAMS)
Fucking hell!
Get in there!
(YELLING. SCREAMING)
Come here!
(MAN IN DISTANCE) Come on! Come on!
(MAN) Oh. fuck! Get out! (SHOUTS)
subtitles by Deluxe
AccessibleCustomerService@sky.uk
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm